Adding Support for custom handlers (#27)
stlab/adobe-contract-checks: README.md

[![ci](https://github.com/stlab/adobe-contract-checks/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/stlab/adobe-contract-checks/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/stlab/adobe-contract-checks/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/stlab/adobe-contract-checks/actions/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml)

> ---

Reviewer: What suddenly started rewriting markdown files?  If this was done by your personal tooling and not automated into the process the same way that clang-format is, it just amounts to source-control churn and will get out of date.  In that case, maybe the insignificant changes should be reverted.  Worst case, different peoples' personal tooling have a fight over the best way to write Markdown.

Author: Agree. It was unintentional.

## Configuration

The behavior of this library is configured by one preprocessor symbol,
`ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION`. It can be defined to one of three
strings, or be left undefined, in which case it defaults to `verbose`.

- `ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION=verbose`: as much information as possible
  is collected from the site of a detected contract violation and
  reported to the standard error stream before `std::terminate()`
  is called.
- `ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION=lightweight`: When a contract violation is
  detected, `std::terminate()` is invoked. Aside from
  code to check the condition and call `terminate`, none of the
  arguments to a contract checking macro generates any code or data.

- `ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION=unsafe`: Contract checking macros have no
  effect and generate no code or data. Not recommended for general
  use, but can be useful for measuring the overall performance impact
  of checking in a program.

- `ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION=custom_verbose`: When a contract violation is detected, a custom handler

>   is invoked. The client must define the handler at global scope with the signature:

Reviewer: This _sounds_ like it's saying you have to write it in the global namespace, and then you look closer and see that it's in `adobe::`, and go, “nonsense, I can do it like this:”

```c++
namespace adobe {
  void adobe_contract_violation_verbose(...
}
```

This is not a big deal, but a phrasing that doesn't cause this mental hiccup would be better if we can find one.

Author: It's not in the `adobe` namespace.

Reviewer: Misreading on my part as noted elsewhere.

  ```cpp
  [[noreturn]] void adobe_contract_violation_verbose(const char *condition,
    adobe::contract_violation_kind kind, const char *file, std::uint32_t line,
    const char *message) {
      // implementation
  }
  ```

>   The arguments provide a string version of the failed condition, the contract violation kind
>   (`precondition` or `invariant`), the file and line number of the failed check, and the optional
>   message. The function should report the violation in a way that is appropriate for the
>   application. The function must not return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The parameters are a string representation of the failed condition, the contract violation kind
  (`precondition` or `invariant`), the file and line number of the failed check, and the
  message parameter to the failing check macro, or the empty string if no message was provided.
  The function should report the violation in a way that is appropriate for the
  application, and must not return to its caller.
```

- `ADOBE_CONTRACT_VIOLATION=custom_lightweight`: When a contract violation is detected, a custom
  handler is invoked. The client must define the handler at global scope with the signature:

  ```cpp
  [[noreturn]] void adobe_contract_violation_lightweight() {
      // implementation
  }
  ```

>   The function should report the violation in a way that is appropriate for the application. The
>   function must not return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The function should report the violation in a way that is appropriate for the application, and
  must not return to its caller.
```

## Development

The usual procedures for development with CMake apply. One typical
set of commands might be:

```sh
cmake -DBUILD_TESTING=1 -Wno-dev -S . -B ../build -GNinja
cmake --build ../build
ctest --output-on-failure --test-dir ../build
```

> **VSCode Note**: The CMake Test Explorer integration is disabled in the `.vscode/settings.json` file. It breaks the test detection. To run tests use the `Run CTest` command. If you toggle the integration option on and run the tests and then toggle it off again and refresh the Test Explorer panel, you can then use the panel to run and debug tests individually. If you see `_NOT_BUILT` in the ctest output, it is because test explorer integration is enabled. The issue is reported [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cmake-tools/issues/3358#issuecomment-2403267565).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**VSCode CMake Plugin Note**: Test Explorer integration has been disabled in the `.vscode/settings.json` file, because it [breaks test detection](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cmake-tools/issues/3358). If you see `_NOT_BUILT` in the CTest output, test explorer integration was somehow enabled at configure time. To run tests use the `Run CTest` command. If you toggle the integration option on and run the tests and then toggle it off again and refresh the Test Explorer panel, you can then use the panel to run and debug tests individually. 
```

> To run tests use the `Run CTest` command

Is this something we need to say?  All the ways of running the tests seem to work when I do it.  Nothing wrong with clicking on one of the several icons…

> you can then use the panel to run and debug tests individually

Do we really want to promise that this hack will work?  I don't really understand how to control this.  I can delete the cache and reconfigure and integration still works, but if I delete the build directory, of course, it breaks again.  What happens if you add a new test?  Does it work or not?  I don't trust this.

Reviewer: Any thoughts about my questions?  My suggested edits didn't account for them, because they are questions.

Reviewer: ?
